hey guys so I want to do kind of like a
first impressions type thing on ISA
product I've been buying Costco brush
sets since I can remember probably since
I first started with makeup so this was
my first brush set from Costco it has a
clear handle okay then the next year
came and it was kind of like this
texture and then this year they came out
with this one I was kind of bummed out
because I wanted another brush like this
and since Costco brushes has never
failed me I knew this wasn't gonna be a
fail either so it's by the same brand
which I'm not even gonna say because I'm
gonna butcher it but same um same thing
okay for starters I think this is by far
the most informative brush set from
their collection because they for one
have all the listings of the brushes and
not only do they have that but they tell
you what it's used for what it's great
for so in this brush set you get ten
brushes for $23.99 at Costco including a
brush type roll now if you just round
that off to at least $25 you're
basically getting one brush for 215 each
so hello big deal especially for
beginners you guys will love this very
affordable and also the quality is great
so again I've been buying Costco brushes
and same brand and all and none of the
brushes has failed me the funny thing is
my favorite brush is from Costco and
it's not even a high-end brush so that
just goes to show you the quality of
these brushes now I'm gonna take it
outside as you can see and again I have
not done anything with them I have not
used them it's more of a first
impressions type thing so is that what
they look like
I really really like the brush roll
leathery it's magnetic so I feel that
something get dirty as easily if you
were to put it in my makeup bag and I
really like how they have this little
pamphlet thing where again it describes
what all of these brushes do so very
very very handy for beginners such as my
sister she's 14 and she's starting with
makeup and this is her first brush set
and I told her that this is awesome
because you're not dealing with super
super cheap brushes but then again
you're not dealing with super high-end
brushes that you can afford and $23.99
for 10 brushes including a brush or you
cannot use that I'm gonna show you guys
this kabuki first impressions I really
really like the packaging the ferrule is
the main thing you want to look at when
buying a brush because it's basically
what holds your brushes together and I
really like how there's it's kind of you
can't really see it but it's kind of
curved so if you were to clean it you
know not a lot of water shampoo whatever
you use brush cleaner whatever you use
to clean your brushes you can tell it's
not gonna really get in there and over
the last you a long time the second
thing I like is how it has a number and
then the name of the brush so very
professional very chic another thing I
have not washed these brushes yet so I'm
not so sure about the shading again
first impressions but it's really really
soft really really soft hairs I really
like it so far so what it claims is that
it has great wooden handles and also the
brushes are made out of premium natural
and synthetic bristles and the reason
why I'm doing this because I'm quoting
it from reading this angled brush really
really soft dense what I also like about
it is that it's pretty
long compared to last year's handle
which is pretty short and the ferals
pretty long this time ferrule is pretty
you know right size professional-looking
brushes not even heavy at all
then synthetic one is not as dense but I
feel like it's great for moisturizer
this one's pretty cool it's a rounded
synthetic foundation brush okay so I'm
thinking it's like maybe a dupe for my
favorite brush which is Mac's 165 so
great for down here again synthetic
cares will pick up more product if
you're dealing with powders here is kind
of like a concealer brush again long
handle very lightweight I want to say
this is max 225 dupe that is
discontinued no one can get their hands
on it
it's pretty big though again the brushes
are super super soft this one can be 227
dupe for Mac just a big fluffy shader
brush now I thought County Johnson use
one of these and I think it's great for
highlighting it's great for cleaning
messes up and I would probably use it to
kind of blend my shadows not more so to
pick it up but it's an angled eye
contour brush and this one is probably
one of my favorites this is their 203
domed smudge brush and it's really big
and round pretty dense too so I would
probably use it you know right here in
the corners down here or even great for
contouring lastly is there 204 angled
eyebrow brush synthetic hairs hopefully
you guys found this interesting and let
me know what you guys think of the
brushes if you guys end up purchasing it
so until next time I will talk to Oliver
guys soon